fix(sdk): fixes type issues for ParallelFor. Fixes #9366 (#10436)
kubeflow/pipelines: sdk/RELEASE.md

## Deprecations

## Bug fixes and other changes

> * Fix the compiled error when trying to iterate a list of dictionaries with ParallelFor [\#9366](https://github.com/kubeflow/pipelines/issues/9366)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the compilation error when trying to iterate a list of dictionaries with ParallelFor [\#9366](https://github.com/kubeflow/pipelines/issues/9366)
```

> * Fix the compilation error when trying to iterate a list of dictionaries with ParallelFor [\#9366](https://github.com/kubeflow/pipelines/issues/9366)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the compilation error when trying to iterate a list of dictionaries with ParallelFor [\#10436](https://github.com/kubeflow/pipelines/pull/10436)
```

Update to point to the PR, rather than the issue.
